fix(open in codesandbox button): optimize for long sandoxes (#120)
codesandbox/sandpack: website/docs/docs/advanced-usage/components.md

  </SandpackLayout>
</SandpackProvider>

## UnstyledOpenInCodeSandboxButton & OpenInCodeSandboxButton

> You can build a custom button that opens the sandpack files in a new tab on https://codesandbox.io. Let's the use `UnstyledOpenInCodeSandboxButton` for that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build a custom button that creates a new sandbox from the sandpack files. It will include any edits made in the Sandpack editor, so it is a great way to persist your changes. The created sandbox will open on [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io) in a new tab.

Let's use the `UnstyledOpenInCodeSandboxButton` as an example:
```
